Update vector collection tuning tips and describe efSearch hint [AI-195] [AI-192] (#1521)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/data-structures/pages/vector-collections.adoc

|===

NOTE: The recommended method for computing cosine similarity is to normalize all vectors to unit length and use the DOT metric instead.

> COSINE metric can be even a few times slower than DOT metric, especially when xref:jvm-configuration[Vector API] is not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The COSINE metric can be slower than the DOT metric, especially when the xref:jvm-configuration[Vector API] is not enabled.
```
Unless we can be a bit more specific on 'how slower' I would just simplify.

Author: in some setups I observed it to be 3x slower, in some 10% slower (with VectorAPI enabled), but this may change after JVector update (there is as optimization of DOT metric) and be different eg. on ARM/Graviton.
I wanted to emphasise here that it really can be a significant difference.

Author: "significantly" is good. I do not want to give specific numbers, for that we would need to do some proper benchmarks in different configurations.

|===
|Hint|Description

|efSearch

> |Size of list of potential candidates during search. Larger value results in better precision but slower execution.

Reviewer: What is the format of this value? i.e. how should the user use this hint?
Can we add a type or default to the table overall?
Also we should explicitly introduce the examples in general e.g. The following code example shows how to add search options and hints

Reviewer: If you add these hints to the example (not sure if you should combine them though) then this would suffice rather than adding detail about type of value needed.

An optimization operation could be needed in the following cases:

> * To permanently delete vectors that were marked for removal and free memory occupied by them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To permanently delete vectors that were marked for removal and free the memory occupied by them.
```

* After adding a significant number of vectors.

> * When the searches on collection returns fewer vectors than expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the collection searches return fewer vectors than expected.
```

WARNING: The optimization operation can be a time-consuming and resource-intensive process.

> During optimization latency spikes for some mutating operations may occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latency spikes for some mutating operations may occur during optimization .
```
